Completely revamps indexer spin-up process. (#150)
shinzonetwork/docs: content/indexer/faq.md

Sync time depends entirely on the chosen start height. The further back the Indexer begins, the longer it will take to catch up to the current block height. The Indexer processes blocks approximately 2–4 seconds per block, which is faster than Ethereum’s 12-second block time. This allows the Indexer to gradually close any sync gap after initial backfilling.

### How do I choose a start height?

The further back you choose, the longer it will take to get to current blocks. However, the further back you index, the more you contribute to the network.

### How often is the Indexer updated with new blocks?

The Indexer fetches blocks by block number from the upstream Ethereum node it is configured to read from. As soon as a block becomes available on that node after being gossiped and finalized on the network, the Indexer can pull it in. The Indexer does not participate in consensus or gossip itself; it just reads from a node that does.

### How does storage grow over time?

Storage grows linearly at roughly 10GB/1K full blocks. The first 15M blocks of ethereum are significantly smaller than blocks after the POS migration, math has been done on recent blocks.

> Future improvements will allow the Indexer to passively prune documents that have already been gossiped, reducing long-term storage pressure.

Reviewer: This has been completed lets change sentence from future to something like `you can enable pruning which will clear up old blocks before writing new blocks.`

Author: ```suggestion
You can passively prune documents that has already been gossiped, reducing long-term storage pressure and clearing up old blocks.
```
